[CTOR-621] refresh OSPF Protocol doc page (#3360)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/applications-protocol-ospf.md

* **App-Protocol-Ospf-custom**

The connector brings the following service templates (sorted by the host template they are attached to):

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="App-Protocol-Ospf-custom" label="App-Protocol-Ospf-custom">

| Service Alias | Service Template                  | Service Description          |
|:--------------|:----------------------------------|:-----------------------------|
| Neighbor      | App-Protocol-Ospf-Neighbor-custom | Check OSPF neighbor statuses |

> The services listed above are created automatically when the **App-Protocol-Ospf-custom** host template is used.

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Collected metrics & status

Here is the list of services for this connector, detailing all metrics linked to each service.

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Neighbor" label="Neighbor">

| Metric name           | Unit  |
|:----------------------|:------|
| neighbors.total.count | count |
| total-change          | N/A   |
| *nb*#status           | N/A   |

> To obtain this new metric format, include **--use-new-perfdata** in the **EXTRAOPTIONS** service macro.

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Prerequisites

> To use this Pack, the SNMP service must be properly configured on your device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### SNMP Configuration

To use this pack, the SNMP service must be properly configured on your ressource.
Please refer to the official documentation from the constructor.

### Network flow

The target resource must be reachable from the Centreon poller on the UDP/161
SNMP port.

## Installing the monitoring connector
```
